Auto-generated AXI interconnects are correct about 50% of the time
	It's true! Even if you run validate design (which propagates 
	parameters), AXI Interconnects can still be DEAD WRONG*. This is the 
	single biggest time-killer in my day-to-day work, since it invariably 
	results in a hung MPSoC. 
	
		*All AXI interconnects are essentially an AXI crossbar with the 
		necessary conversion logic (called "couplers") around it. I'm 
		pretty sure that validation will update the couplers, but never 
		the crossbar, which is the source of many problems.
	
	Though it may strain thy mental pathways, yea, thou must always checkst 
	thine AXI interconnects, lest thy little time on this Earth be 
	squandered.

"The [AXI] datawidth converter is a broken piece of garbage" - Camilo Vega
	After yet more trouble with debug bridges hanging the board, Camilo 
	pointed out a common flaw with the AXI interconnects: the automatic 
	choice of the internal corssbar size will sometimes cause both a slave 
	and a master to require datawidth conversion.
	
	Now, if the datawidth converter worked, this would not really be an 
	issue. However, just one datawidth converter is potentially a problem, 
	so two is definitely bad juju.
	
	In your AXI interconnect, turn on advanced configuration, and manually 
	set the crossbar width to something reasonable.	 Good luck!
	
AXI interconnect hangs the ARM when only using debug bridge:
	In some projects the PS is only there to hook up an XVC server to 
	something. In these cases (and ONLY in these cases) you should use an 
	AXI Smart Connect IP to connect the PS to the debug bridge. If you use 
	an AXI interconnect, it will hang the board. Even if you take into 
	account Camilo's tip about having two masters at minimum.

Bus interface property property ID_WIDTH does not match...
    Specifically, your AXI interconnect doesn't seem to be correctly adapting a 
    master interface to a slave interface. This is an obscure bug in Vivado's 
    variable propagation. Even if you delete the interconnect and remake it, 
    the problem will probably persist.
    
    The solution is to change your interconnect strategy to optimize for area, 
    rerun validation, then change it back to whatever you were using.

Other
    Try using second master output (M01)
