This is a list of things that caused me to lose (a lot of) time. Eventually, I 
will try to find a better way to organize this so that it's easier to search 
through.

Auto-generated AXI interconnects are correct about 50% of the time
	It's true! Even if you run validate design (which propagates 
	parameters), AXI Interconnects can still be DEAD WRONG*. This is the 
	single biggest time-killer in my day-to-day work, since it invariably 
	results in a hung MPSoC. 
	
		*All AXI interconnects are essentially an AXI crossbar with the 
		necessary conversion logic (called "couplers") around it. I'm 
		pretty sure that validation will update the couplers, but never 
		the crossbar, which is the source of many problems.
	
	Though it may strain thy mental pathways, yea, thou must always checkst 
	thine AXI interconnects, lest thy little time on this Earth be 
	squandered.

"The [AXI] datawidth converter is a broken piece of garbage" - Camilo Vega
	After yet more trouble with debug bridges hanging the board, Camilo 
	pointed out a common flaw with the AXI interconnects: the automatic 
	choice of the internal corssbar size will sometimes cause both a slave 
	and a master to require datawidth conversion.
	
	Now, if the datawidth converter worked, this would not really be an 
	issue. However, just one datawidth converter is potentially a problem, 
	so two is definitely bad juju.
	
	In your AXI interconnect, turn on advanced configuration, and manually 
	set the crossbar width to something reasonable.	 Good luck!

Breaking out interface pins on a hierarchy:
	In a Vivado block design, it is possible to have interface pins on a 
	hierarchy. If, on the inside of the hierarchy, you connect the 
	interface pin to something, but on the outside, you split open the 
	hierarchy to connect individual wires, VIVADO WILL NOT CONNECT 
	ANYTHING. It won't even warn you.
	
	
100G subsystem expects "dense" LBUS signals:
	The 100G ethernet subsystem assumes that your LBUS input is continuous. 
	If you use Clark's AXIS to LBUS converter, this means you have to use a 
	packet mode fifo on the AXIS input to the converter. Otherwise, if your 
	TVALID signal goes low in the middle of a packet, the 100G core will 
	output a packet with a bad frame check sequence.


AXIS Data FIFOs do not have correct packet mode when two clocks are used:
	Title says it all. Instead of one FIFO in packet mode with two clocks, 
	instead use one small two-clock FIFO for the clock crossing, then plug 
	that into a single-domain packet mode FIFO.


AXI interconnect hangs the ARM when only using debug bridge:
	In some projects the PS is only there to hook up an XVC server to 
	something. In these cases (and ONLY in these cases) you should use an 
	AXI Smart Connect IP to connect the PS to the debug bridge. If you use 
	an AXI interconnect, it will hang the board. Even if you take into 
	account Camilo's tip about having two masters at minimum.
	
Debug bridge hangs Linux
	The debug bridge can run at 100 MHz, but not at 200 MHz. I'm not sure 
	what the maximum clock speed is.

MPSoC does not have login prompt on serial
	Sometimes, if your SSH is not working, you need a command line on an 
	MPSoC. The easiest way to do this is plug in the JTAG cable and use 
	
		sudo screen /dev/ttyUSB0
		
	on the computer you connected it to.
	
	Problem is, sometimes that login prompt will not show up. At boot, it 
	will say something like "starting a run job of getty..." and eventually 
	time out.
	
	The solution is to remove the SD card, open up the files in another 
	computer, go into /etc/systemd/system/getty.target.wants and copy the 
	getty@tty1.service into getty@ttyPS0.service.

MPSoC SSH does not start at boot
	This happened to us after upgrading some packages. Essentially, there 
	is a bug with a certain version of systemd where installing the package 
	will change the owner of / (i.e. the root directory). Simply log on to 
	the system (through the serial console) and type
	
		sudo chown root: /
	
	and that should fix the problem
